Add info about enabling projFS re: badimageformat (#58)
microsoft/ProjFS-Managed-API: README.md

[this page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/projfs/enabling-windows-projected-file-system)
for instructions.

### Dealing with BadImageFormatExceptions
If you're seeing an error pattern like this:  
``` System.BadImageFormatException: Could not load file or assembly 'ProjectedFSLib.Managed, Version=1.2.19351.1, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=31bf3856ad364e35'. An attempt was made to load a program with an incorrect format.  ```  

> then it's likely that a dependent assembly of this library is missing. The most common cause for BadImageFormatExceptions is that you haven't enabled the ProjFS windows component yet, which is now optional:   
> ` Enable-WindowsOptionalFeature -Online -FeatureName Client-ProjFS -NoRestart `  
> ([source](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/projfs/enabling-windows-projected-file-system))

Reviewer: Ah, I misread this change at first. I mistakenly read it as changing what Erik wrote rather than adding to it.

The information about having to enable ProjFS is noted right above this section; see line 66 ("Note: The Windows Projected File System optional component must be enabled in Windows...").

Since we already tell the reader to enable ProjFS (and it has always been an optional component), I'd suggest changing the wording here:
```suggestion
then it's likely that a dependent assembly of this library is missing. The most common cause for BadImageFormatExceptions is that you haven't enabled the ProjFS optional component yet. See the note at the end of the previous section for more information.

```

Author: Leaving someone a pointer to how to do that seems pretty straightforward -- I think ideally the library would throw an exception if the dependent feature is missing that explicitly says "You need to install projfs, go here to do so" so this type of doc wouldn't be necessary -- Also, I think the readme is a little too casual in its mention of proj fs being an optional component, it looks like it's ancillary information but it should be a strongly worded note that you need a prereq installed for this lib to work.

Author: (I think this is especially true because this is so uncommon for package dependencies)

Author: I think my proposed compromise here would be that we say "proj fs may not be installed, see prerequisites section" and more formally call out the prereq instead of it being the last line of the intro. Thoughts? I can propose via PR :D

Reviewer 2: Generally having all installation info in one spot and referring to it from this section makes sense. I agree with @brphelps that it's a bit understated. How about combining the proposed change from @cgallred with converting he paragraph just above starting "Note: The Windows Projected File System optional component must be enabled..." to be a new H2 or H3 section with a title like "Installing the Windows Projected Filesystem"?

Author: Works for me, I'll get some proposed changes out.
